Thank you for your neocortex story.
I think I've already become a failure in this life,
but I'll try my best.
Good luck.
Going through this life is the first time for all of us anyway.
Today's bus services have ended.
Let's eat.
I don't want to. Why should I spend my weekends with you?
I really want to get together with this girl.
I think she's too shy to meet one on one.
The best part is that her friend is really pretty.
- Did you see the picture I sent? - No.
Come on.
I know you're going to be eating nasty pre-made lunches.
Why won't you come?
Don't derogate how I use my time.
Mr. Ma. You lack compassion.
You can only find self-esteem through your social relationships.
To you, it may seem like they're nasty lunches,
but to me, they're like an oasis.
I have to eat while listening to people like you all week.
Do you know how much stress you people give me?
Hey, it was a slip of the tongue. I'm sorry.
I'll apologize. Let's reset, format, and reboot. Okay?
Please do not bother me when I'm trying...
to have a meal in peace and quiet all by myself...
- after five days. - Yes, it's very important.
It's a very important time. That's it. The conversation is over.
By the way,
who is that person that lives at your place?
Was it Ji Ho? He's nothing compared to you,
but I better take him instead.
All of my friends are busy...
Are you sure you don't want to? He's a really nice guy.
I'm okay.
You know how bad I am at blind dates.
How can a writer for dramas have zero dating experience?
You write kiss scenes, but you've never kissed.
You deserve to be covered in "TV in TV".
Hey, that's such an old show.
Also, kissing isn't a big deal.
What are you talking about?
How would you know that?
I...
I saw it a lot on shows like "TV in TV".
What are you talking about?
You better not be dating without telling me.
No way. I'm not dating.
Hey, Soo Ji. I'm getting a call. I'll call you later.
Okay.
That was close.
Are you stupid? Why would you say that?
What's this?
(Tile and grout cleaner)
Well, it's not that bad.
I'll consider it a gift for the landlord.
It looked natural.
You don't have to date to kiss.
I had my first kiss too.
Are you crazy?
That's not something to boast about.
Good for you.
Thank goodness he was a stranger.
Hello.
Doors are opening.
Thank you.
Doors are closing.
Level four.
Level four. Doors are opening.
What? He's... Kiss...
Why is neocortex... Why?
- Hold on. - Going down.
What? Why did he get off here?
No way.
Does he live here?
Doors are opening.
I left my wallet at home.
Doors are closing.
What do I do? What if I run into him again?
No, no.
I better go home first.
That's the safest place right now.
Let's go.
Hurry.
This should do it for now.
I'm safe now that I'm home.
It's okay. I can calm down.
What? Is the owner home?
Delivery.
Gosh. What if he's living on the same floor as me?
No way. That's impossible.
I can be unlucky,
but Seoul is huge. How can we be on the same floor?
I should ask her.
She'll know who her neighbors are.
She has really big feet.
They're 275mm? Is she a basketball player?
Hello, you were home...
Why are you...
here?
(Episode 2: Because This Is My First Kiss)
Why are you here?
That's what I should ask.
How did you get in here?
I just...
This is unit 401...
I live here and stuff.
No way.
Maybe I came into the wrong house.
I'm sorry. They all look the same here.
Bye.
(Se Hee: landlord)
Hello?
Hello.
Are you Yoon Ji Ho?
Yes?
Hot, hot, hot.
Okay. Nice to meet you.
Give me your feet.
Now, we'll...
What are you doing? They stink.
I smelled them for seven years. It's not anything new.
Look. It's all tense.
What did I tell you?
You need to take breaks and sit down in a washroom stall.
Right. Is it today?
Today? What's today?
Is it a special day?
No, never mind. It was yesterday.
Yesterday? It can't be yesterday.
I checked everything. It wasn't an anniversary or anything.
It wasn't our anniversary.
I finished my period.
Hey, Yang Ho Rang.
What?
Why didn't you tell me earlier? You little...
- Come here. - I'm so happy. Gosh.
- You're not going to work. - I'd love that.
Hold on.
- What? - Gosh.
Gosh.
- Yes, Ji Ho. - Hey.
We're in big trouble.
Why is his housemate a woman?
What? What are you talking about?
What? Why is the landlord a man?
(Yoon Ji Ho)
You said his name is Ji Ho and that he's handsome.
You told me he quit smoking.
Yes, Ji Ho. She's handsome.
She really quit smoking.
Are you joking with me?
Aren't you the one joking with me?
You said her name is Se Hee.
A quiet person with a cat that was born in 1980.
You told me she's the one standing next to you.
Yes, he's super quiet and he has a cat.
He's standing right next to me. That's Se Hee.
That's Se Hee without a doubt.
Hey.
No one would expect a quiet man to have a cat.
Fine. Then who would expect a handsome woman to quit smoking?
We're in big trouble.
Gosh.
We're ruined.
Yes.
Okay.
(Nam Se Hee)
(Yoon Ji Ho)
Here.
says they'll take care of it. They're sorry.
How can they take care of it?
It's us that's in the situation.
You're right.
When I heard your name, I thought you were a woman.
I know a man with the same name as you.
He was in my military troop.
I see...
I have work to do, so I better go out.
Okay.
Please contact me once you have things figured out.
Okay, I will.
Yes.
You're right.
I better eat first.
I need to end this life.
- Ji Ho. - Yes?
Do you want a steak too?
Hold on. I'll put in an order...
It's okay, this is enough.
I'm sorry.
How does this even make sense?
Bong Hee and Ok Hee are girl names.
How is Se Hee a man's name? It's too pretty for a man.
Hey, not all pretty names belong to women.
That's true. Even your name is Soo Ji.
Do you want water? Hold on.
That little wench.
Are you okay?
Soo Ji.
You know, the house owner.
I think he's...
- I... - Why?
Did he hit on you?
He hit on you?
Is he good looking?
How much does he earn?
Never mind.
Hey, your chief lives in Namcheon-dong, doesn't he?
I did all the work with your chief, you know.
Jjajangmyeon is so good.
Darn it. What do you want me to do?
I was stood up by the girl I like,
and I'm having jjajangmyeon in the office on the weekend.
What do you want me to do more? What do you want?
Hit me then. Hit me if it helps you feel better.
Here. Wait, that won't do.
Stab my artery with this.
Try stabbing me!
I mean, it's hard to believe...
someone so thorough didn't make sure of everything at first.
You are so thorough.
Is that something that the CEO should be saying?
(Love is science. A world that anyone can love someone.)
(Date someone through data, not phone calls or texting.)
All the data was perfect.
I checked the face through Facebook. Most importantly,
the contract articles included recycling and looking after my cat.
They were perfect.
Well, but initially, you didn't know it was a woman.
Is she pretty? Is she cute?
Why aren't you answering?
She's cute.
I'm going to sleep over at my friend's tonight.
- She's cute, isn't she? - So stay comfortably for tonight.
She must be pretty.
Did the director give you a call yet?
I know. Has he gone somewhere?
Do you think you can trust that director?
He always uses you, telling you that he's going to use your scenario.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
All right. I'll fix it when I reach the office.
All right. See you tomorrow.
That jerk.
Is it work?
Do you have to go back?
I guess.
I can actually do it tomorrow, but I wouldn't feel at ease.
I know.
If it's something you have to do,
it's better to finish it today.
You're right.
It's something I have to do.
Nobody will do it for me anyway.
Ji Ho, go home first.
Soo Ji, let me off here.
The bus stop over there.
Thanks.
Call me if something happens.
If he tries to make a move, get rid of him.
I was the one who tried to make a move.
That won't be undone anyway.
Let's go.
I...
would like to make an apology.
That's why I came tonight.
When I...
kissed you...
at the bus stop...
I'm really...
sorry...
that I did that.
That's an offside.
- Pardon? - It wasn't a regular attack.
It was like an offside when you attacked me when I was defenseless.
Yes, you're right. It was like an offside.
I'm really sorry.
Okay.
Were you super upset?
- I would've been as well... - Being upset...
involves some emotions.
When people are unexpectedly attacked,
they feel perplexed and unpleasant.
Attacked? Did you say I attacked you?
No, it wasn't like that. I was just...
I just was so in the mood that night,
but it doesn't mean I wanted to harass you or anything.
It was never meant to be an attack.
It's true. Believe me.
I know that it's only right...
for me to get out of here right now,
but...
I have nowhere to go right now.
I have some work I'm waiting to receive, and once I get that,
I'll move out right away.
I'm really sorry.
(Turtle Studying Room)
Sir, how are you spending your rest days?
I fixed the scenario that you said you like...
one more time.
Don't feel pressured,
and get back to me soon.
(The mail has been sent.)
Did he just lock the door?
Unbelievable.
(Director Park)
Hello?
Yes.
No, I wasn't sleeping.
Drama for Fridays and Saturdays?
Yes. The upper management wanted a fresh and youth melodrama...
to be aired.
I mean, there's no reason not to do it...
when you've written so much.
I'm... I'm just really grateful.
- Hey. - Yes?
You know it's my first drama I'm directing.
I hope you two work together...
and make me a masterpiece.
I think there must be more back stories and secrets...
for the characters.
- Okay. - And among the supporting roles,
there's one who plays a student who wants to be a writer.
- What about it? - I mean...
It's not realistic for someone who graduated from...
Seoul National University to want to become a scenario writer.
Is it unrealistic?
Well, I know for a fact that some directors take multiple exams...
to become directors.
That's a different story.
That's different because it's studying to get employed.
For writers...
They never know when they'll become a writer.
It's like walking in a dark tunnel.
Why would someone with such a prominent future do that?
(Yoon Ji Ho, Seoul National University)
Let's make history with our first paid work.
Don't you want to become a star writer?
Right, this could be my last chance.
I can make this happen.
I will become the legend.
Your loan payment is due on September 29.
The interest rate will be 3.2%.
The total amount of your loan is 187,260 dollars,
and your installment is 865 dollars.
Neohee Bank.
(Income)
(Expense)
(The loan installment, insurance, food)
(Wage and rent from the tenant)
(Cat food and family event)
If that's the case...
(Income minus expenses is negative 300 dollars.)
(No health insurance expense)
(No leisure expense)
(Changing the food expense to...)
(45 dollars)
(No change for the cat food)
What are you doing?
I'm trying to adjust my cost of living for next month.
Wow, how can someone like you...
get a tenant in your place?
I can never think of you as...
someone who can live with another human being.
I need the money.
If I get paid the rent for 10 years, that becomes 36,000 dollars
If my monthly wage and the rent are guaranteed,
I can pay my loan back in 12 years.
So?
If I retire at 50, it means I have 12 years to work from now on.
The average life expectancy of Koreans is 81.2.
I will be able to spend 32 years in my house...
after my retirement.
I mean, I wouldn't be home that much while I'm working and making money.
Therefore, it's better to find a tenant...
and pay back my loan with the rent as soon as possible.
That's my goal.
Okay. I see what you want to do.
But you are not getting any rent next month.
Why do you think that happened?
(Diligence, Recycle, Maturity, Cleanness, Cat)
(Tenant 1, Han Ji Sang, the personality clash.)
(Tenant 2, Sim Jun Ho, smoker, brought a woman.)
(Diligence, Recycle, Maturity, Cleanness, Cat)
(The reason for disqualification is his negligence in duty.)
(Possible alcoholic)
(Chelsea fan)
(He yelled at the cat.)
(Tenant 7, Yoon Ji Ho)
4.7? Is this even possible?
I think you should live with her.
Getting this high score from a crazy person like you...
is more difficult than getting the perfect SAT score.
But I can't live with her.
Why not? There are many men and women housemates these days.
You are not even interested in dating anyone.
I can't do that. It's too much of a risk.
What kind of risk?
What could there be?
(The reason for disqualification is...)
(she's a woman.)
- What is this? - I'll do that.
- Look. - So I was like...
Are you going to work already?
Yes, I am.
You don't have to recycle anymore.
But it's my task for the time being.
This is what I need to do until I move out.
I see.
Yes.
Bye then.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Did you fix the tiles in the bathroom?
Yes, I did. They seemed quite old.
So I did it last weekend.
Should I have had your permission for that?
No, that's not what it is.
Did you clean the windows in the living room too?
Yes, I did. That's what I do before I write...
I see.
By the way... Why did you kiss me?
Is he crazy?
My sister said she would come home.
Hey.
- It's nice to see you. - Hi.
Why are you...
asking me that?
It's very important to me.
I mean, to live with you.
That still doesn't make any sense.
I don't think that's what we can talk about right now.
- You should do it well. - That doesn't work like that.
- It's here. - Look at this.
Did you dry all the peppers?
I didn't. I just ground it.
- Okay. - That's enough for this year!
I see.
- Doesn't it have a nice color? - Yes, it does.
The peppers looked really fine.
- See you later. - Bye.
You can talk about it now.
Well...
To be honest,
I just wanted to do that.
You just wanted to do that.
Yes.
It's because...
I haven't been in a relationship.
So I hadn't kissed anyone.
And things didn't go well with the guy I liked.
Yes, I know that.
That was going to happen anyway.
You can date someone when you have money and time.
I have neither.
Normally, you have to date someone to kiss.
But I thought that wouldn't really happen in my life.
That's what I was thinking, and all of a sudden...
I was like, "Why not?"
Because I thought I wouldn't have a chance to kiss someone.
That's basically why I did that.
I think that's what it is.
I feel like I'm crazy after saying that.
You don't understand, do you?
I do, I fully understand you if that's the case.
Really?
Yes, relationships cost you something...
whether it's money, time, or emotions.
You wanted to bring out a result without any cost.
That's why you kissed me.
That's right.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
You're not looking for any kind of love relationship either.
No, my hands are full of problems already. I shouldn't add to that.
Then it's fine.
- What? - It's perfect.
What is?
This is the list of my past housemates.
As you can see,
you have the highest score among these seven housemates.
To be honest, I've never met someone who qualifies all my criteria.
Thus, it's most likely that I won't ever meet someone like you again.
But...
I have a critical disqualification.
I believe that's our blind spot, at the same time, advantage.
- Pardon? - You'll be disqualified...
if we have at least the slightest possibility of falling in love.
But we know it's not going to happen.
So it's safe for both of us.
What's more, we have already kissed each other.
It's been proved it's never going to happen.
You have a point.
You can trust me.
I happened to kiss you somehow,
but you're really not my type.
The feeling is mutual.
Then can I continue to be your housemate?
Yes.
You decided to live with him?
Will you be all right? He's still a man.
Sure.
Nothing's going to happen between us anymore.
What do you mean?
Anymore?
Well...
I don't think I'll be able to find a better place...
than this house anymore.
The landlord...
needs a tenant in order to pay for his loan.
I need a place to rent without any deposit. It's a win-win.
Then again, when will you ever get to live in such a place again?
How much is the lease? Is it expensive?
(Turtle Studying Room, written by Yoon Ji Ho)
- Hello. - You're here.
You're here early.
Hi, Ji Ho.
- Hello. - Are you surprised?
I'm happy to see you guys again.
- Now, please be seated. - Okay.
So I think it might be better if Ms. Hwang give us some advice...
regarding its storyline and everything.
That'll help us getting a more prime air time.
You know they aren't willing to give new writers prime air time.
I see.
Both of you will be the main scriptwriters. Don't be mistaken.
Ms. Yoon.
There's nothing to be mistaken.
It's rather an honor for me.
Thank you in advance.
Right, I won't take away...
an assistant writer's work at this age.
I'll help you as much as I can. Let's do this.
Great, then let's start going over...
from the first episode.
From which part should I begin?
I have so much to talk about.
Ji Ho.
Yes?
Excuse me.
- You're home. - Hi.
I guess your work isn't going well again.
Well, I got stressed out,
so I happened to do this habitually again.
You really...
have such an ideal habit.
- Is that so? - Yes.
- It's so great of you. - Thank...
Thank you.
You want to join me?
No, I have to go back to work.
- He kept possession of the ball. - A good ball delivered to Sanchez.
- He takes a shot. - It's Iwobi.
It goes straight into the hands of Lloris.
Arsenal swiftly switched from defense to offense.
Watching a derby match is thrilling indeed.
It's the best part of the league.
Why won't he get married by the way?
I mean, he owns a house and has a fine job.
So why? Wait, by any chance...
Is he gay?
By the way,
aren't you getting married?
Well, people usually get married when they turn around your age.
You own a house too.
That's the usual case.
But I'm single.
Does that mean...
- you won't get married forever? - Yes.
This house, Kitty, and myself.
I'm willing to bear these three things only.
I don't need to bear something that requires more energy and cost.
I see.
So...
how much more time do you have left to pay off your loan?
I just need to pay for 30 more years.
What?
Then you'll have to work all your life only for this house.
Isn't that too much in vain?
There's nothing more certain than property in this country.
You know better than anyone else.
I saw earlier, and there's a general hospital right in front of here.
Yes, it takes 10 minutes by foot.
It's one of the reasons why I chose this house.
- Are you sick? - No.
It's advantageous this way in many parts...
if I take my later years into consideration.
You're still young, so isn't it too early to prepare for that?
I'm going to die in this house.
So I should take everything into consideration.
Actually, your room will be where my death will take place.
That room has nice ventilation.
No wonder...
why my room felt so cool and nice.
I can tell all his thoughts are reasonable,
but he does seem weird.
He lacks emotions too.
He's really not my type.
Please wait for me.
Thank you.
The doors are closing.
Which floor are you going?
I'm going to the fourth floor too. Thank you for asking.
The doors are opening.
Miss, why are you going in there?
Pardon?
That's because this place is my house.
This is my son's house.
What?
I'm fine.
So...
she's not your girlfriend?
I told you. She's my housemate.
Housemate, my foot. She's a woman.
She's not your girlfriend, but you're living with her?
I'm living with her because she's not my girlfriend.
- She's a tenant. - You won't really get married?
You want to see me die?
Why would you bring that up again? I said I don't want to get married.
Your father wants to get a divorce.
He will divorce me if I don't make you get married.
Do you want me to go through that at this age?
Please understand me. I want to live happily.
How can you be so selfish?
I'm sorry.
I didn't take the others visiting our house into consideration.
She's not just anyone. She's your mother.
All parents care about their children.
What they want is to fulfill their desires...
through their kids.
If it's okay with you, you can just ignore her...
No, how could I possibly do that?
She left after taking two anxiety pills.
A director I know told me there's one empty workshop I can stay at.
I can stay there for a while.
When I earn enough money, I'll get a room for myself.
Okay.
I'll transfer back this month's rent to your account.
I'll get going to work then.
All right.
Kitty.
I got attached to you already.
I know you'll be bored after I'm gone.
What's this?
What?
Sir, this isn't just a simple fix,
but a whole different drama.
What's wrong? You agreed to Writer Hwang fixing your script.
But the whole story...
How's this different from other foolish dramas?
I mean, why add a birth secret story...
to a story about youth?
Ms. Yoon.
Why are you acting like an amateur?
Pardon?
We all know the story about youth is fresh...
and interesting.
But would people watch it?
People would only watch it...
when it has conflicts.
Ms. Yoon.
I heard you graduated from Seoul National University.
I heard it from Writer Hwang.
Your classmates must be earning so much by now.
You should be as well.
You're already 30. How can you still be living somewhere like this?
Don't you think so?
She's a teacher in the school your father used to work at.
She's just 28, so the age difference is perfect.
Okay. I heard that already.
Don't be late.
Se Hee, try to be more attentive for my sake.
Okay. Good night.
I'm sorry I couldn't say this in person.
Thank you for everything.
(She take a man's underwear...)
[VIU Ver] E02 Because This is My First Life
"Because This is My First Kiss"
-= Ruo Xi =-
The groom is entering.
The bride is entering.
Beautiful.
There's nothing much to it.
Just get married.
Just serve in the military again.
What's the difference?
It's different. Look over there.
It'll be all over after doing this for an hour...
and paying respect to the elders. That's all.
So do they just go home after the wedding?
That's possible.
There are many type of couples.
There are show-window couples, weekend couples and sexless couples.
What's so hard about it?
Your father promised to pay all the loans back when you get married.
I would get married just for that.
The groom and bride will now bow to each other.
They're a perfect match!
- Why isn't she here? - She said she'll be late.
She has a meeting.
Why are you here when it's a wedding of my college friend?
She's also a college friend of Won Seok.
I'm here in place of Won Seok because he's busy.
Soo Ji.
- Hey, Soo Ji. - Soo Ji.
- Hi, Soo Ji. - Hi.
Ji Ho.
Congratulations, sir.
- Thank you. - Well done, sir.
- Thank you. - That was great.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Thank you.
- Live happily. - Thanks.
Your dress is so pretty.
I got a new one.
Soo Ji, can I have your business card?
My brother's applying for the company you're in.
I can't do much about it.
Tell him to send me an email if he has any questions.
I heard that you're the key figure in the business department.
Give me your business card too.
Give me one too.
- Give me one. - You didn't get the full story.
They call me the key figure just to make fun of me.
No way.
The real key figure is Ji Ho.
She's the only one who got the full scholarship back in college.
Isn't she the only one?
Well, that's correct.
Hey, Ji Ho. It's been a while.
What do you do for living?
Hey, she's a scenario writer for dramas.
- Really? - Really?
- That's awesome. - That's awesome.
No, I'm just an assistant writer.
That's amazing.
What did you write?
The most recent one was "Love Story of a Fool".
A fool?
A fool. I see.
I also wrote "Ramyeon Restaurant of Kkotsoon".
I bet you all know "The Queen of House Chores".
Oh, of course.
Oh, that one.
You watched it, right?
- Of course. - It was fun.
You guys don't know "The Queen of House Chores"?
I don't watch TV these days.
That's the legendary morning drama.
You guys, look them up on your phones right now.
- Okay. - Hurry.
- Okay. - I didn't know.
- Okay. - Hey.
I have to go because I have another appointment.
Bye.
Hey, why are you overreacting today?
Calm down, will you?
Why did you come out already? I really have to go because...
I have to go home.
Does the bus number 7737 pass here?
Why do well-off people want to be humble too?
That's such a turn-off, don't you think?
I told you not to study too hard.
Look at me. I don't even get to make decisions since I didn't study.
Do you think there's a reason for things...
that people tell you not do?
My father told me that I'll starve to death if I chose my major.
That's true.
Ji Ho.
Are you not on good terms with your writing?
I mean, you don't earn as much as Soo Ji and date someone like me.
But you always looked so happy when you were writing something.
Don't you feel happy when you write these days?
It's nice to meet you.
I'm going to go.
Hey, have some loyalty. Wait for me.
I hope to see you again.
- Don't go. - I have an appointment.
- I shouldn't be late. - It's the weekend. Don't lie.
- Are you going on a blind date? - Bye.
All right.
Act like a normal person, and you'll be able to get married.
Hello, it's nice to meet you. I'm Ma Sang Goo.
I run a dating company.
(Ji Ho)
Let's see what I've got.
Gosh, I'm so sorry.
- I'm sorry. Are you okay? - Yes.
This...
I think I used it yesterday. Did I not?
Give that to me.
- Give what? - That.
That's mine.
This condom?
It was her. How could she not recognize me?
This woman named Choi Yong Jae...
becomes the owner of the residence after killing the original owner.
And a rich writer named Choi Jun Seok...
happens to move into the residence.
He looks for his mother.
It turns out that the two are half brothers.
You always looked so happy when you were writing something.
Don't you feel happy when you write these days?
There are also women who have crush on different guys.
- It's interesting. - It is.
- Right? - What do you think, Ms. Yoon?
What?
Yes, it's...
Is it interesting?
What's interesting?
This story is about people living in a student residence.
Why should a rich guy live in hiding here?
This story is about romance of the youth.
So why should half brothers come out?
- Ji Ho. - Think about it.
We might as well just go with a trashy storyline then.
Why should we fool the viewers?
Ji Ho.
Did you just say trashy?
Isn't that too rude?
I'm only trying to help you.
Do you not want to get this drama going?
I get to choose...
whether to get this drama going or not.
This is my piece.
(Send a text to my blind date.)
(Did you get home safely?)
If she got home safely,
then what?
It's such a waste of time.
Sorry.
I was so busy that I forgot to feed you.
What we need...
isn't marriage.
Where are you, Ji Ho?
Apologize to Ms. Hwang.
We might really have to put a stop on our drama at this rate.
You want to be done for in this field?
Who's there?
What? You can't come in here.
I...
I can't even come here to see you?
I got you this place after all.
Ms. Yoon.
What's wrong with you?
I'm trying to make things work out with you.
And why are you doing this to me?
I...
I tried to do the same.
But this isn't the story we were going for.
Not everyone can do what they want from the start.
Only...
the successful ones can do what they want.
People like us...
just have to do what we're told to do.
Okay, I understand.
So let's talk tomorrow when you're sober.
Why are you doing this?
Ms. Yoon.
Have you never liked me?
Don't do this.
Stop it. Don't do this.
Wait.
You're drunk. Let's talk tomorrow.
Don't do this. Hold on.
I said, stop!
Hey.
You...
You know why you're such a scum?
It's not because you confused me for three years.
It's not because you made a fool out of my piece.
It's not because you flirted with me when you have a girlfriend.
This is the only place...
where I can sleep tonight.
And you just made me leave this place too. You know that?
I really want to sleep, you jerk!
(Soo Ji)
There's a side which you never wish to show others...
no matter how close you are with them.
I'm not going to let you sleep tonight.
Sometimes, your family can be...
the least close people to you.
When I decided to follow my dream,
I thought my life would be...
like walking through a dark tunnel.
But I didn't know it was going to be...
this dark.
I didn't know it was going to be...
this lonely.
How much...
How much longer do I have to go?
Why am I here now?
Why?
Why is my body doing this?
Arsenal needs to make a breakthrough.
It seems the last shot was deflected by the defender.
Chelsea is still one goal ahead.
Arsenal wins the ball back.
- The ball gets delivered. - This looks promising.
- Walcott. - Walcott!
He takes a shot from inside the box. Sanchez!
- Yes. - That was...
I was asleep,
then I woke up because of a dream.
I was going to walk for a bit.
Then I somehow got here.
I see. I guess it was a bad dream.
Yes, it was.
It was an endless tunnel.
I was walking through it by myself.
I see.
Welbeck is there.
- They have to pass better. - That's right.
How have you been?
All right.
I have...
something to say.
Okay.
If you have some time...
Yes?
Would you...
marry me?
Back then...
I just wanted to...
literally fall into something...
whether it's into a manhole or just a big hole.
It didn't matter.
Yes.
I just want to...
sleep well tonight.
(Because This is My First Life)
Do you like me by any chance?
Ji Ho is...
a bit...
weird.
Isn't that guy really cute?
Many newly married couples buy it.
Which is why not everyone is cut out for marriage.
Stop being such a snob! It's really annoying!
If my dad knocks over the table, it's the end of the discussion.
Are you crazy?
Did you say you want to live with a guy?
I think this is fate.
It was love at first sight, wasn't it?
It felt unreal.
By chance, do you like me?
Because it's you, Ji Ho.
That's why I did that.